Threatstream anomali - threatstream-submit-to-sandbox command was fixed (#27420)
demisto/content: Packs/Anomali_ThreatStream/ReleaseNotes/2_1_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Anomali ThreatStream v3

> - Fixed an issue where ***threatstream-submit-to-sandbox*** command didn't pass *detail* argument right to Threatstream API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***threatstream-submit-to-sandbox*** command didn't pass the *detail* argument to the Threatstream API correctly.
```
